[Release 1.7] Egress Gateway TLS Origination using SDS (#7719)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-gateway-tls-origination/index.md

---
title: Egress Gateways with TLS Origination (File Mount)

> description: Describes how to configure an Egress Gateway to perform TLS origination to external services using File Mounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes how to configure an Egress Gateway to perform TLS origination to external services using file mount certificates.
```
